Welcome
-------
This is YWCMAIL 0.96. This is an essential upgrade to the 0.95 version. Please see the details of the changes in the file 000-Readme.txt. The main upgrade is a simple access list and handling of more complex MIME messages.

What YWCMAIL is?
----------------
First, thanks for your support to ywcmail. Actually, ywcmail is a simple and
fast webmail CGI client written on pure C, even more, it is a SECURE
SOLUTION for pop3 protocol. Hackers can easily broke into port 110 and
get your e-mail, and this means that you have no PIRACY. OK, you may ask why 
don't you use SSL+POP3? I can tell you the settings are complex enough to 
take you more than 3 hours. 

If you use ywcmail, you can get a SECURE POP3 and a SECURE webmail faster.

Ywcmail gets your e-mail though port 110 on the localhost, handle it and
finally report to the users though web interface (Port80). This means you
can close port110 of your firewall. And at the same time, you can get a webmail.
Don't forget, the whole procedure need to compile ywcmail and make it runs 
need only 10 MINUTES. 

HOWEVER, you should put ywcmail under Apache+SSL (port443) to protect your
data. This is RECOMMENDED 

Installation 
------------
You need the followings:

- Apache 
- GCC compiler (or standard C compiler)


Steps are as follows:

1. Open the file 'config.h' with a text editor and make changes to it.
   Some of the available options are; default host names, language, colors,
   frames/no frames and return address host name.  Odds are, you won't have to
   change any of these for  ywcmail to work, however, some changes (like
   changing the default host names) may make ywcmail easier to use. If you want 
   to change the layout of the HTML code, edit main.c

2. Type 'make'.  This will make the file 'webmail.cgi'.  

3. Copy this file to a CGI enabled directory in your web server.  Additionally, 
   you will probably want to copy the 'webmail' subdirectory to the root of 
   your web server's htdocs directory.

4. DONE. This takes you <10 mintues to reach here. Enjoy it ! :D  

-----------
Chan Yin Chi  < 0330@bigfoot.com >
http://ywcmail.sunsite.dk